Mexican Piza:
Ingredients
2 balls Best Pizza Dough (or Food Processor Dough or Thin Crust Dough)
1 cup canned refried black beans (or Refried Black Beans, Refried Pinto Beans, or Instant Pot Refried Beans
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon cayenne
1 small green onion
1 tomato
1 jalapeño pepper (or more to taste)
2 handfuls frozen corn
Mexican cheese blend (or a mix of Monterrey jack and cheddar)
Kosher salt
Fresh cilantro
Sour cream or Mexican Crema, to serve (optional)
Pickled onions, to serve (optional)

Instructions
Prepare the dough using the Best Pizza Dough Recipe (follow this video instruction for more). Follow the preparation instructions in the dough recipe if prepared in advance.
Place a pizza stone in the oven and preheat to 500°F. OR preheat your pizza oven (here’s the pizza oven we use).
In a medium bowl, mix the refried black beans with a bit of water to thin the consistency so that it is easily spreadable. Mix with 1/2 teaspoon cumin, 1/4 teaspoon paprika, and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne.
Seed and dice the tomato. Thinly slice the green onion. Seed and dice the jalapeño (keep your hands away from your eyes!); or if you prefer, thinly slice it. Chop the cilantro.
When the oven is ready, dust a pizza peel with cornmeal or semolina flour. (If you don’t have a pizza peel, you can use a rimless baking sheet or the back of a rimmed baking sheet. But a pizza peel is well worth the investment!) Stretch the dough into a circle; see How to Stretch Pizza Dough for instructions. Then gently place the dough onto the pizza peel. 
Quickly assemble the pizza. Spread the bean mixture in a thin layer over the dough, sprinkle on as much cheese as you like, and add the red onion, tomato, jalapeño, corn, and cilantro. Sprinkle with kosher salt (very important – this really brings out the flavors!).
Transfer the pizza to the pizza stone using the pizza peel, and bake until the cheese and crust are nicely browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Repeat Steps 4 through 6 for the second pizza (if your stone isn’t big enough for two!). Chop the cilantro and add it as a garnish. Add sour cream and pickled onions, if desired.